
# https://www.ashlea.notts.sch.uk/wp-content/uploads/2021/01/Reading-Harry-Potter-Chapter-1.pdf

Chapter 1 – The Boy Who Lived.
Mr. and Mrs. Dursley, of number four, Privet
Drive, were proud to say that they were perfectly
normal, thank you very much. Mr. Dursley made
drills. He was a big, beefy man with hardly any
neck, although he did have a very large moustache.
Mrs. Dursley was thin and blonde and had twice
the usual amount of neck, which came in very
useful as she
spent so much of her time spying on the
neighbours. The Dursleys had a small son called
Dudley and in their
opinion there was no finer boy anywhere.
Mrs Dursley had a sister called Lily Potter. She
and her husband James Potter had a son called
Harry Potter. They lived far from the Dursleys and
did not speak to them much. They did not get
along.
One day, a man appeared outside of
the Dursleys house. He was tall, thin, and very
old, judging by the silver of his hair and beard,
which were both long enough to tuck into his belt.
He was wearing long robes,
a purple cloak that swept the ground, and highheeled, buckled boots. His blue eyes were light,
bright, and sparkling behind half-moon spectacles
and his nose was very long and crooked, as though
it had been broken at least twice. This man's name
was Albus Dumbledore.
He had come to meet his friend who had been
watching over the Dursleys house. His friend was
called Professor McGonagall. They had come to
talk about some sad news. “Hello Professor”
Dumbledore said, “have you heard the news about
the Potters? They have tragically died”. “Their son
needs a place to stay, I see you have found the only
family that he has left. Do you think they will be
suitable?” Dumbledore questioned. “They are all
he has got”, Professor McGonagall replied.
Just as they were talking about
Harry Potters future a motorbike could be heard
coming from behind them. It was Hagrid soaring
through the sky and crashing in front of
them. Hagrid had a special parcel he was
delivering. In his vast muscular arms he was
holding a bundle of blankets. "Hagrid,” said
Dumbledore, sounding relieved. "At last, where did
you get that motorcycle?". "I borrowed it,
Professor Dumbledore,” said the giant,
climbing carefully off the motorcycle as he spoke.
Dumbledore and Professor McGonagall bent
forward over the bundle of blankets. Inside, just
visible, was to baby boy, fast asleep. Under to tuft
of jet-black hair over his forehead they could see to
curiously shaped cut, like to bolt of lightning.
Dumbledore took the bundle of blankets,
stepped over the low garden wall and walked to the
front door. He laid Harry gently on the doorstep,
took to letter out
of his cloak and tucked it
inside Harry's blankets, and then came back to the
other two. For a minute the three of them stood
and looked at the little bundle; Hagrid's shoulders
shook, Professor McGonagall
blinked furiously, and the twinkling Light that
usually shone in Dumbledore's eyes seemed to
have gone out.
The next morning, Mrs Dursley went out to
collect her milk bottles from the front door and
noticed a strange sight on the step of her door. She
screamed. Inside the bundle of blankets, she
noticed the baby and picked him up. She read the
letter he had been left with. It read; “Take care of
Harry, we will return to him soon. The boy who
lived”. 